docs: submit proposals to change parameters using both sdk cli apis (#1058)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/nodes/celestia-app-commands.md

celestia-appd tx gov vote <proposal id> <yes or no> --from <wallet> --chain-id <chain-id>
```

Governance proposals on Celestia are limited as there are no text proposals,

> upgrades occur via social consensus, and some only params are not modifiable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
major upgrades occur via social consensus, and some parameters are not modifiable through on-chain governance.
```

However, one can submit a governance proposal to change certain parameters using
the following instructions.

> To change the max validators to 105, one would first save this JSON file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, to change the max validators to 105, first create this JSON file:
```

```json
{
  "title": "Staking Param Change",
  "description": "Update max validators",
  "changes": [
    {
      "subspace": "staking",
      "key": "MaxValidators",
      "value": 105
    }
  ],
  "deposit": "1000000000utia"
}
```

> Then you can submit the proposal with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then submit the governance proposal with:
```

```sh

> celestia-appd tx gov submit-legacy-proposal parameter-change <path to json file> --from <wallet> --chain-id <chain-id>

Reviewer: What's the chain ID? Can you link to the possible values for different chains? Also link to how to choose/create wallets.

Author: sure updated in https://github.com/celestiaorg/docs/pull/1058/commits/4c1ecfabdfee3b708916bf26902f8cb838885405

```

Note that the "legacy" proposal type here is submitting the same type of
proposal as the normal `submit-proposal` command under the hood. It is the
reccomended way to submit a proposal via the CLI. If we want to use the newer

> api, we can submit a proposal by first saving the `sdk.Msg` proposal in the json
> encoded format to a json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API, we can submit a proposal by first saving the `sdk.Msg` proposal in JSON format.
```

```json
{
    "messages": [
        {"@type":"/cosmos.gov.v1beta1.MsgSubmitProposal",
        "content":{
            "@type":"/cosmos.params.v1beta1.ParameterChangeProposal",

>             "title":"title",
>             "description":"description",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "title":"Staking Param Change",
            "description":"Update max validators",
```

>             "changes":[{"subspace":"staking","key":"MaxValidators","value":"103"}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "changes":[{"subspace":"staking","key":"MaxValidators","value":"105"}]
```

celestia-appd tx gov vote <proposal id> <yes or no> --from <wallet> --chain-id <chain-id>
```

> >Note: Similar to other cli commands on this page, the chain-id should be for the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Note: Similar to other CLI commands on this page, the chain-id should be for the
```

>network that the transaction is targeting. This can be found by querying the

> >same rpc endpoint for the most recent header or simply by looking at a block

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>same RPC endpoint for the most recent header or simply by looking at a block
```
